Not only that but it has come from a source we never would have expected.

As it stands, Grand Theft Auto VI is expected to launch sometime in Fall of 2025, meaning we have around a year until we can get our hands on one of the most anticipated titles of all time.

However, with fans eager for more concrete information, they have turned their attention to a rumour that comes from someone very close to Rockstar.

One of its office cleaners.

That’s right, according to a cleaner from Rockstar’s London office, Grand Theft Auto VI is expected to launch on September 25.

This news comes after the cleaner claims to have seen the full “huge” map alongside the date.

The cleaner, who worked at the offices for six months, describes “the final frame of a trailer or some sort of advert” with a GTA logo and “September 25” underneath it.

In a Reddit post, which has suspiciously been deleted, they say:

“The map looked huge, I saw it on a monitor briefly as I was walking past one of the devs, it looked like there was like 2-3 big clusters of roads which I’m assuming were cities/towns.

“I also saw some art for the game, with Jason and Lucia standing beside each other. Jason had a sawed-off, black bandana on, pointing a gun at the store clerk.

Lucia had a pistol, red bandana on, filling a duffel bag with liquor from behind the till.”

Which is now a scene we all know featured in the first official GTA VI trailer which was released back in December.

It is worth taking this news with a pinch of salt but if true, we don’t have long to wait at all.

Featured Image Credit: Rockstar Games
Topics: GTA 6, GTA, Grand Theft Auto, Rockstar Games

---

GTA VI is already being explored, as dedicated fans have recreated the map based on what we’ve seen in the trailers and leaks so far.

You can’t exactly blame them either as that 2025 release date is still ages away, so it’s only natural that fans would get restless, especially since Rockstar Games is so slow to provide updates on the game.

So how are people exploring the game’s map already? Roblox, that’s how. Yes, you read that right, the GTA VI map of Leonida has been recreated in the hit children’s game Roblox, and while it doesn’t boast anywhere near the level of detail Rockstar’s game will, it’s given us an idea of the geometry.

None of it is to scale mind you, with the Roblox characters towering over the buildings and bridges in comparison, though the layout of the map has been captured beautifully to say we’ve only seen panning shots of it so far.

GTA VI is set to have the biggest open-world Rockstar Games has ever put together, even bigger than Red Dead Redemption 2.

It’s also been said the map will actually change and grow over time, with updates unlocking new areas and things to do, though it’s unclear if that’s just for the online portion of the game or the singleplayer as well.

You can tell fans are getting desperate though, not that I’m knocking the dedication needed to remake GTA VI in Roblox, it’s an impressive feat.

Featured Image Credit: Rockstar Games
Topics: Grand Theft Auto, GTA, GTA 6

---

When GTA VI is finally here, we’ll look back at all these delay rumours and laugh; sadly, that isn’t going to happen any time soon.

After the first trailer was revealed, we’d hoped to have seen a few more glimpses of the upcoming GTA VI by now.

Yet Rockstar Games has starved us of information.

It’s left fans with little to go on and thus truly bizarre criticism of the trailer has trickled through over the last few months.

Criticism has also turned to ire, especially after an insider claimed that the new GTA was going to be delayed until 2026.

However, those claims have since been shot down by Bloomberg reporter Jason Schreier.

Taking to Twitter, Schreier attempted to put an end to all these rumours by stating that as far as he’s aware, there are no delays planned.

“Good news is that six Rockstar employees all told me they have not heard of any delay,” he posted, before adding, “Bad news: it's a big, ambitious game and could very well slip! Too much time left to say anything definitive.”

The “bad news” part of the tweet is what’s divided fans.

Delays are possible, nobody denies that; however, it’s one thing thinking that and another to see the possibility spelled out in black and white.

Moreover, when Schreier continued saying, “For all I know, Rockstar's executive team could have decided months ago to delay GTA VI without telling the company,” it further raised concerns among fans that a delay is likely.

It feels like a safety net statement for when the inevitable happens and the internet implodes.

Featured Image Credit: Rockstar Games
Topics: GTA, GTA 6, Rockstar Games

---

New GTA VI details have emerged online, giving us the most information on the upcoming game we’ve had in a while.

This is courtesy of a PDF document put together by a GTA VI analysis team, compiling information from a variety of different sources to put together a clear picture on what Rockstar’s next game will be like.

The PDF takes all of the information on the game so far and puts it into one place, and spans months and months of leaked information, screenshots, videos and what it could all mean for the full game.

If you’re dying to learn more about the game and didn’t get a chance to look at the leaks when they first appeared online, now’s your chance to do a bit of catching up.

Featured Image Credit: Rockstar Games
Topics: GTA, GTA 6, Grand Theft Auto, Rockstar Games

---

Hopes of GTA VI launching in 2025 look set to be dashed after an industry insider claims the game could be delayed.

What’s worse, this delay is set to be a substantial one.

If what this insider claims is true, Rockstar Games’ highly anticipated GTA title will be delayed another year.

According to Liam, GTA VI has been “internally delayed”, with Rockstar now setting its sights on an “early to mid 2026 release window”.

Featured Image Credit: Rockstar Games
Topics: GTA, GTA 6, Rockstar Games, Grand Theft Auto